README.md, before:

# Stripe Command Bus Interface

A limited selection of [command bus](https://www.sitepoint.com/command-buses-demystified-a-look-at-the-tactician-package/)
style classes that overlay the Stripe PHP API classes.

## Install

Either
 - `composer install davidjeddy/stripe-command-bus-interface`
 - or add `"davidjeddy/stripe-command-bus-interface": "*",` to your projects composer.json in the `required` sections,
    -[THEN](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPSfjD7o1CQZXzdAy56c8kg) run `composer install`.

## Usage

```
# basic command bus invocation
$response = \Yii::$app->commandBus->handle(
    # the Stripe Command Bus core class. All requests pass through this class.
    new \dje\StripeCB\Customer\Create([
        # the Stripe data is passed to the command bus handlers as the `data` property
        'data' => [
            'description'   => $companyMDL->name,
            'email'         => \Yii::$app->user->getIdentity()->emil,
            'source'        => $billingDetailsMDL->getAttributes()
        ]
    ])
);
```

 - `$response` is passed from the Stripe class response back to you,
 - When mapping information for a Stripe class, it will always be contained within the 'data' array key

Commit message:

Work continues on stand alone commandBus Stripe package ADDED demo to show usage of Tactician in stand alone fashion ADDED .ENV dependency ADDED NOTES.md for quick reference to get the ENV up and running UPDATED composer.* files

README.md, after:

# Stripe Command Bus Interface

A limited selection of [command bus](https://www.sitepoint.com/command-buses-demystified-a-look-at-the-tactician-package/)
style classes that overlay the Stripe PHP API classes.

## Install

Either
 - `composer install davidjeddy/stripe-command-bus-interface`
 - or add `"davidjeddy/stripe-command-bus-interface": "*",` to your projects composer.json in the `required` sections,
    -[THEN](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPSfjD7o1CQZXzdAy56c8kg) run `composer install`.

## Usage

 1) Copy .env.dist as .env in the root of project
 2) Add Stripe public and private key to .env per [vlucas/phpdotenv](https://github.com/vlucas/phpdotenv) usage.
 3) Implement command bus logic:

```
# basic command bus invocation
$commandBus = new \
$response = $commandBus->handle(
    # the Stripe Command Bus core class. All requests pass through this class.
    new \dje\StripeCB\Customer\Create([
        # the Stripe data is passed to the command bus handlers as the `data` property
        'data' => [
            'description'   => $companyMDL->name,
            'email'         => \Yii::$app->user->getIdentity()->emil,
            'source'        => $billingDetailsMDL->getAttributes()
        ]
    ])
);
```

 - `$response` is passed from the Stripe class response back to you,
 - When mapping information for a Stripe class, it will always be contained within the 'data' array key
